all rights in corner all right I hello
youtube this is arm is my pokemon portal
as you can see it's on it that's this
it's gonna be like this one we used open
the DISA for Mia it's the formula open
up the board okay as you can see here
this is the pokemon game okay okay just
pokemon game that's my help put you call
it catalyst okay how is it basically um
um alright this is a formula right I
don't know how to activate yet though
I'm doing working on okay many ways over
there yes this rumor Porter is okay
that's true that's the portal that's the
portal it's kind of small but that's cuz
that's all I could build and it's
actually gonna be bigger when I get more
funding and stuff so yeah um but um yeah
so basically it's just a portal what is
the formula um I know what I would say
it's just I haven't been will open it
yet but but when i do i'll show you guys
I'm still working on ok still got more
testing and once i get more testing done
it'll numb it will be pretty sweet you
guys you get seriously seriously but
yeah small portal i can call it through
it all like that we can't finish planes
or trucks and i can do it but once i get
more funding or might the government
stuff once I open this it'll be bigger
everyone go through seriously no fat
people either to death I'm sorry sorry
i've had people but like yeah so which
it should be it should be pretty good
should be pretty good although I keep
doing um yeah so there it is portal
formula um we should be pretty good
she'll be pretty good so um data